hi guys I'm welcome to cooking with
karma now if you love a good spring roll
but you don't like the fat associated
with deep-frying them well this is a
recipe for you today I'm going to show
you how to make them in the oven they
come out just as tasty just as crunchy
so really hope you like them let's get
started and I'll show you how to make
them first stop we need to grate a
carrot and a zucchini
finely chop up some spring onions and
finely shred some cabbage taking our
plain rice noodles in a bowl we're going
to break them up into small pieces next
we're going to cover a shiitake
mushrooms with some boiling water and
cover our rice noodles as well
then we're going to set them to one side
for about five to seven minutes then all
we need to do is drain the water from
both and chop up our shitake mushrooms
next into a pan on medium heat we're
going to add in some sesame oil some
garlic and all of our shredded
vegetables give them all a good mix
together and then we're going to keep
them on the heat for about five to seven
minutes until all of those vegetables
have softened next we're going to add in
the mushrooms and the rice noodles and
give it a good splash with some soy
sauce then mix together until everything
is well combined and keep it on the heat
for another one to two minutes now this
is completely optional but I'm adding in
a little touch of oyster sauce mixing
that through and then my done
then we're gonna pop our mixture to one
side to cool completely next we're going
to take some water and some corn flour
and mix them together then taking our
spring roll papers we're going to go
around the edges with our cornflour
mixture then taking about a quarter of a
cup of the mixture we're going to place
that into one corner then all we need to
do is roll over that corner and tuck it
in roll it up to about halfway fold in
each side and then simply roll it up to
the end and repeat until they're all
done now taking a tray that's been lined
with some baking paper we'll spray the
bottom of the baking paper with some oil
and then the top of our spring rolls
then into the oven for about 20 to 25
minutes turning half way through until
they're golden brown a really easy and
cheap meal to make extremely tasty and
lovely and crunchy but a lot less fat
than if you deep-fried them so really
hope you give them a go thanks again for
joining me have a wonderful week and
I'll see you all next time on cooking
with Karma